Issue a warning when comparing internal function pointers (#14784)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

    Marking the parameters as ``calldata`` only affects the implementation of the external function and is
    meaningless in a function pointer on the caller's side.

.. warning::
    Comparison of internal function pointers can have unexpected results with the legacy optimizer enabled,

>     as it can collapse identical functions into one, which will then lead to said functions comparing as equal instead of not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as it can collapse identical functions into one, which will then lead to said function pointers comparing as equal instead of different.
```
I think that you meant the functions pointers are going to be equal (since the functions were already collapsed).
Also, feels a little bit weird reading `instead of not`, maybe it's better to just say `different`.

Author: I agree with the first suggestion, and not so much with the second. On the other hand, extremely fortunate you've left this comment, because `legacy optimizer enabled` should be changed to `legacy pipeline enabled`.

    Such comparisons are not advised, and will lead to the compiler issuing a warning, until the next breaking release (0.9.0),

>     where the warning will be upgraded to an error, thereby making such comparisons disallowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    when the warning will be upgraded to an error, thereby making such comparisons disallowed.
```
